(grunts)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
This new wing will increase
my velocity by 30%?
Of course it will,
I invented it.
(growls)
What is it?
Some dead man took
all the peanut butter!
What care I for
the butter of peanuts?
(sips)
(roars)
(grunts)
Mmm. Peanut butter.
Little late for
the cleaning crew, ain't it?
Cap, heads up!
Missed.
I never miss.
(alarms wail)
(ground rumbles)
(grunts)
You rang?
You know, hulk,
when I built this place,
I designed it with doors.
You're right,
doors are so overrated.
Falcon: They don't
have any heat signatures.
And, no pulses.
It can't be.
(growls)
(grunts)
They ain't puny humans.
Iron man, the tower
has uv light frequencies
built in, right?
Yeah, but...
Fire them up!
Okay. Weird, but okay.
(creatures hiss)
(screams)
What just happened?
Vampires.
Uh, you gotta
be kidding me.
(pants)
(gasps)
Black widow?
(strains)
Man:  Good evening,
captain america.
It has been a long time.
I send this female
with a message.
I offer you her life
in exchange for yours.
(groans)
Tell me widow has
a creepy voice power
I never knew about.
That was dracula.
Black widow
is a vampire?
No, not yet.
She's still in
the early stages.
Dracula's hold on her
isn't complete.
She's going to get worse,
way worse, but...
We still have a chance
to save her if we act quickly.
Look, maybe I'll buy that
there are such things
as vampires.
Big maybe. But count dracula?
Come on.
We're talking the,
"I vant to drink
your blood," guy, right?
Not count, just dracula.
He finds count insulting,
since he's king
of the vampire nation.
Well, great. Let me know
when frankenstein's monster
and the wolf man show.
Don't mock. There's
often truth in myth.
Wasn't I a myth
until you met me?
But hawkeye's got a point.
Thor, your powers seem like
magic to people on earth,
But it's simply
asgardian science.
There must be some kind
of scientific explanation for
these so-called vampires.
(yells)
(grunts)
(cries out)
Odin's beard!
(yells)
Mjolnir, to me!
(grunts)
She's fighting at
a whole new level.
It's like she's a...
A vampire,
like I said.
Why did she run
into a mirror?
She couldn't
see her reflection.
Falcon: Just like
in the movies.
(scan whirs)
Okay, I've used her biometrics
to get into her
personal shield file.
Falcon:  She was following
a lead on the red skull
in transylvania?
That's it. Now, if we
want to cure her,
We need to find the vampire
who turned her into this
and force him to release her.
Not so fast, cap.
This is probably m.O.D.O.K.'s
brain-switching machine,
Or a form of hypnotism.
I just need...
Tony, we are wasting time!
We need to get
to transylvania.
A little faith, rogers.
If there's a way to cure
widow, I can do it here.
Jarvis:  Error, sir.
(electricity sizzles)
What's your tech
telling you now?
That we should go
to transylvania?
Falcon: What are you
loading up there?
Silver-plated
strike discs.
Tools to deal with
dracula's troops.
Can't hulk
just smash them?
He can knock them down,
but they won't stop.
All right, van helsing,
you want to tell us
Why you're such
an expert on vampires?
During the war,
dracula and our country
were uneasy allies.
Hydra was trying
to invade transylvania.
Dracula was protecting
his land.
The enemy of my enemy
sort of thing.
Thor:  But why is he
after you now?
Dracula is a king.
He takes what he wants.
I must have
something he wants.
And you don't
know what that is?
No, but finding that
out is our only chance
to save widow.
Relax, people.
You're all acting like
You're in the middle
of a horror movie.
We just need to
break into his castle
And find out what
dracula is using on her.
Nanotech, maybe?
I just can't see it, yet.
Really?
Wooden stake arrows?
Why not?
I am uneasy, captain.
This smells of a trap.
Captain america:  No kidding.
What is the status?
The avengers approach
my kingdom.
The soldier is with them.
Just as we predicted.
Follow the plan and
I promise you will get
What has been denied to you
for thousands of years.
(thunder cracking)
What, is it always
nighttime here?
Dracula:  Yes, bowman,
my kingdom lives
in eternal night.
Good evening, avengers.
I see you received my
Invitation.
So, captain, my offer.
Your life for the woman's.
Are you willing to accept?
Hmm...
Wow. You need new
head-shots, drac.
You look nothing
like your pictures.
Captain america: Don't!
Hawkeye:
Well, that was easy.
You have no idea
what you've started.
Or finished?
(grunts)
Because of our history,
captain, I was going to make
this as painless as possible.
I see that my mercy
is not wanted.
(thunder cracking)
Destroy them all.
I hate to think I was wasting
all that stake carving time!
Jarvis, what am
I looking at here?
Jarvis:  It appears that
the vampire genetic structure
can reconstitute itself.
They do not take on damage
the same way as you.
After careful analysis, sir,
It is my conclusion that
you are down in trouble town.
Thanks for the
color play, jarvis.
All right, guys, let's
hit them with everything
we got and a little more.
We'll figure out how to
make it permanent later.
(vampires hiss)
You over-think, stark.
Just smash!
(grunts)
(all hiss)
A whip?
Gonna have to go
higher tech than that.
(snarls)
That's not normal.
(strains)
Get to the entrance!
Right behind you, cap.
(vampires hiss)
(grunts)
Wooden stake arrows work.
I like when iron man's wrong.
(growls)
(laughs)
(roars)
Come, demons.
I could do this all night!
You may have to.
They just keep coming.
This tech is amazing.
It's like it's alive.
Alive? That's it!
Non-genetic biodrivers.
This isn't magic,
it's a form of biotech.
There!
They use blood
to transfer data.
Piggy-backing program commands
through the white cells.
I just have to hack
these sequence codes
Before widow becomes
a full-fledged vampire.
I already know how
to get widow back.
Hulk, thor,
cover this entrance.
Falcon, hawkeye,
around me.
Hulk, make me a hole.
Hulk: Hole!
Dracula's chambers
are in the north tower.
How do you do that?
Furthest from the sun.
I was just about
to say that.
Black widow:  Falcon!
Falcon, help me please.
Guys?
Black widow:  Please, hurry.
(footsteps approach)
Widow? You okay?
(snarls)
(bell rings)
(cries out)
The sonic navigation units
that run your armor
make you vulnerable.
(strains)
Great job as
an avenger, wilson.
Hawkeye: Back away,
natasha.
He may be a noob,
but he's our noob.
Clint?
Help me.
Dracula's controlling me.
I can't stop him.
No, fight it.
(grunts)
The avenger's compassion
will always be their weakness.
Will more innocents
suffer before you
give me what I want?
What do you say,
my captain?
Put them down.
I'll come with you.
I knew you
wouldn't disappoint.
(vampires hiss)
(growls)
Vampires are cowards.
Indeed. Their strike and
retreat tactics lack honor.
Are you thinking
what I'm thinking?
Probably not, blondie.
Just smash!
(roars)
(yells)
(vampires hiss)
Guess lighting works
as good as sunlight.
Jarvis:  Sir, the hack codes
for black widow's
blood are ready.
I cross-referenced her blood
with the other avengers
And something
alarming came up.
(shrieks)
Define alarming.
Ladies, please.
Jarvis:  It concerns
captain america.
Why are you doing this?
We were allies.
I have a new enemy.
Okay, we've had
common enemies before.
The avengers can...
My enemy is humanity!
(both grunt)
There are more of you
humans every century.
My kingdom is threatened.
I can no longer hide
in the shadows
of rumor and myth.
I am at war!
Release the widow,
then we can talk.
(laughs)
You are in no position
to make demands.
I have recently learned
that the super soldier serum
coursing through your veins
Can cure me of my
one and only weakness.
Let me guess.
Red skull?
But you were at war
with him. How could you?
These are strange
times, captain.
(roars)
(hisses)
You know you can't
trust the skull.
Of course I can't trust him,
that's why I'm using him.
With your blood
in my veins,
I will be able to destroy
hydra, the avengers,
Anyone who dares
stand in my way.
(grunts)
(gasps)
Huh?
(grunts)
With your blood, captain,
I will walk again
in the daylight.
Finally.
Hulk...
Like you need
to tell me!
Iron man:
Not even dracula
can handle a hulk.
Right?
(dracula coughs)
(grunts)
(strains)
(roars)
That doesn't look good.
(growls)
That looks worse.
(roars)
Slave, finish the avengers.
(stammering) yes, master.
Hey I'll, I'll replace
the peanut butter.
(timidly laughs)
That was you?
(hulk roars)
Incredible. He is even
stronger than before.
(dracula laughs)
Dracula: Black widow
is the least of your worries,
captain america.
Now, that I have
the power of the hulk,
There is nothing to stop me
from getting your blood.
(laughs)
(grunts)
(strains)
(dracula cries out)
What's happening?
(gags)
Jarvis:  Sir, hulk's blood is
attacking dracula's blood.
(computer whirs)
That's it, the gamma rays.
Has a similar
ionizing property
to solar radiation.
English, please.
Hulk's blood is
kind of like sunlight.
Thank you.
Is there a plan
in there somewhere?
Yeah, we make him madder.
I am an expert at that.
Strike and retreat.
Ha! He hates it.
Cause I spend a lot
of time making sure
he doesn't get mad.
They'll burn out
the dracu-cells. I think.
Good. That's the idea.
But it's not enough!
Come on, people!
We need him angrier!
Angrier!
(growls)
This way, you oaf!
(thunder crashes)
(roars)
Over here!
Slave, no!
(hisses)
(growls)
I hope that's angry enough.
I hope it's not.
Iron man: His blood cells are
like millions of tiny suns,
Burning away
the vampire infection.
(strains)
Come on, big green.
You can do it.
(groans)
Is he dead?
Wait for it.
(snores)
He purged himself?
That's... That's impossible.
(roars)
No.
That's the hulk.
I was so close.
So close!
Release the widow.
Away from me!
Let her go, or digesting
gamma radiation
Will be the least painful
moment of your day.
(ground rumbles)
huh?
This is not over!
You have won
nothing, avengers.
The widow is mine.
She will be mine forever!
You're coming with us, nat,
we're going to save you.
Falcon: Uh, who's going
to wake up the hulk?
No time for questions.
This is a synthesized
version of hulk's blood.
It will burn out the
vampire virus and cure her.
No chance she'll,
you know, turn green
or something?
Of course not.
Right, tony?
Right. I mean,
probably not, no.
Hopefully not.
I don't know.
Let's find out.
(vampires hiss)
Dracula: Let him pass.
Be honored.
I show few my moments
of weakness.
Your present state,
your highness,
Is not your fault
but that of the avengers.
You came to point
out my humiliation
to those mortals?
Be careful, skull.
No. I came to offer
you a seat on my cabal.
A powerful consortium
devoted to the thing
you also seek.
What, pray tell,
do you believe I seek?
Revenge.
I am listening.
(moans)
Where am I?
It's kind of
a long story.
I remember red skull
and dracula, he bit...
(gasps) am I a vampire?
You got better.
(sniffs)
What is that
awful smell?
Just in case stark's tech
wasn't as good
as he thought it was.
Do you have a wooden stake
ready too, just in case?
(chuckles)
What do you take me for?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org